Docs - added docs about AllowUnresolvedParameters (#1472)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/cross-server-rpcs.md

When a server-worker invokes a cross-server RPC, the SpatialOS [Runtime]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#spatialos-runtime) routes its execution to the server-worker that has authority and this this server-worker executes the RPC.

The example diagram below shows a player successfully shooting another player’s hat across a server-worker boundary.

![A situation where you might need cross-server RPCs]({{assetRoot}}assets/shooting-workflow-simple.png)

In the diagram:
*  Server-worker 1 has authority over Player 1 and Server-worker 2 has authority over Player 2. 
* If Player 1 shoots a bullet, Server-worker 1 knows about the bullet and can make any necessary changes to Player 1 but it can’t make changes to Player 2 when the bullet hits. 

> * The SpatialOS Runtime ensures that Server-worker 2 can make changes to Player 2 (the hat gets hit by the bullet) by routing the change notification from Server-worker 1 to Server-worker 2.

Reviewer: OK - I did a little bit of drive-by formatting. Have got these super-helpful comments into a JIRA ticket - to improve this doc as I think it's important to make this wording better. (Also a nice job for new TWs.)

The call is not processed because this type of RPC is only for a server-worker instance to call.

### Unresolved parameters in an RPC

> In some situations, a worker (either a client or a server) may receive an RPC with a parameter that it cannot resolve. In these instances, the GDK will output a warning. However, sometimes this behaviour is intended. To account for these cases where the behaviour is intended, you can disable the warnings on a per-RPC basis, either using C++ or using Blueprints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In some situations, a worker (either a client or a server) may receive an RPC with a parameter that it cannot resolve. In these instances, the GDK will output a warning. However, sometimes this behaviour is acceptable. To account for these cases where the behaviour is acceptable, you can disable the warnings on a per-RPC basis, either using C++ or using Blueprints.
```

> #### How to allow unresolved parameters in an RPC (using C++)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### How to disable warnings for unresolved parameters in an RPC (using C++)
```

To disable these warnings on an RPC in C++, add an `AllowUnresolvedParameters` tag to the `UFUNCTION` macro of the RPC function.

```

> UFUNCTION(CrossServer, AllowUnresolvedParameters, Reliable, WithValidation)

Reviewer 2: nit: I think it'd be better to keep these to a server or client rpc as they're slightly less complex

void MyCrossServerRPC();
```

> #### How to allow unresolved parameters in an RPC (using Blueprints)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### How to disable warnings for unresolved parameters in an RPC (using Blueprints)
```

#### Invoking a cross-server RPC from a client-worker

The SpatialOS Runtime doe not process the call because this type of RPC is only available to a server-worker, not a client-worker.

### Unresolved parameters in an RPC

> In some situations, a worker (either a client or a server) may receive an RPC with a parameter that it cannot resolve. In these instances, the GDK will output a warning. However, sometimes this behaviour is acceptable. To account for these cases where the behaviour is acceptable, you can disable the warnings on a per-RPC basis, either using C++ or using Blueprints.

Author: Possibly

> In some situations, a server-worker or client-worker might receive an RPC with a parameter that it cannot resolve: for example, an actor passed as a parameter may not be checked out by the receiver. When this happens, the GDK outputs a warning to the logs. However, there may be circumstances in which you don't want the GDK to output a warning because the behavior is acceptable; when this is the case, you can disable the warnings on a per-RPC basis, either using C++ or Blueprints.

Reviewer: 1. What does "checked out" mean here? The server-worker or client-worker that receives the RPC does not have interest in or does not have authority over the Actor? I am guessing authority?
(We have historically and ambiguously used "checked out" in SpatialOS to mean either a server-worker instance has active read access or CBI interest in (not the same thing) an entity's component. We no longer use this term as it's ambiguous.)
2. What's the receiver? The server-worker or client-worker receiving the RPC?
3. Output a warning to the logs - Is it really the Runtime that outputs the error? 
4. What does "behavior is acceptable" mean? Can we just cut that bit?

Made a guess...

```suggestion
In some situations, a server-worker or client-worker might receive an RPC with a parameter that it cannot resolve: for example, it may receive an Actor passed as a parameter which it does not have authority over. When this happens, the SpatialOS Runtime outputs a warning to the logs. However, there may be circumstances in which you don't want the Runtime to output a warning; when this is the case, you can disable the warnings on a per-RPC basis, either using C++ or Blueprints.
```

#### How to disable warnings for unresolved parameters in an RPC (using C++)

To disable these warnings on an RPC in C++, add an `AllowUnresolvedParameters` tag to the `UFUNCTION` macro of the RPC function.

```
UFUNCTION(Server, AllowUnresolvedParameters, Reliable)
void MyServerRPC();
```

#### How to disable warnings for unresolved parameters in an RPC (using Blueprints)

> To disable these warnings on an RPC in a Blueprint, in the **Details** panel of the event, click the eye in the top-right, and make sure **Show All Advanced Details** is ticked. The **Allow Unresolved Parameters** field in the panel will appear.

Reviewer: Quick format and made it use standard Microsoft Manual of Style terms - using US English, y'all!.
I assume it defaults to unchecked.
```suggestion
To disable these warnings on an RPC in a Blueprint:
1.  In the **Details** panel of the event, select the eye in the top-right.
2. Check the **Show All Advanced Details** option. 
The panel now displays the **Allow Unresolved Parameters** field.
```

<br/>------<br/>

> _2019-06-06 Page updated with editorial review_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_2019-11-06 Page updated with editorial review: added invoking a cross-server RPC from a client-worker_<br/>
_2019-06-06 Page updated with limited editorial review_
```
